Contact Careers Academic Program Platform The Legal Brain of your Organization Luminance uses Legal-Grade™ agents to automate, expedite and enhance contract activity across the business. Draft Negotiate Analyze Comply Investigate Collaborate Watch the video Luminance's Legal-Grade™ AI Technology A Unique AI Architecture Powered by Multiple Models Legal-grade by design and built for tomorrow. Technology Technology Security White paper Building Luminance's Artificial Intelligence Solutions Operating at Scale Any geography, any industry, any business function - Luminance delivers value. Industries Manufacturing Financial Services Pharmaceutical Technology Insurance Chemical Teams Legal Compliance Executive Sales Procurement Finance Human Resources Marketing Customers Resources About A Team of World-Leading AI Experts Founded by mathematicians in 2015, Luminance has spent nearly a decade developing the most legally accurate AI on the market. About us About In the News Press Releases Partners Request a demo Legal-Grade™ AI for Legal Compliance Procurement Finance HR Sales Marketing Executives Luminance harnesses Legal-Grade™ agents to automate, expedite and enhance every touchpoint a business has with its contracts. Request a demo Resources Trusted By Future-Focused Businesses End-to-End AI for Every Contract Touchpoint Draft Negotiate Analyze Comply Investigate Collaborate Draft Your browser does not support the video tag. Draft Contracts with Speed and Confidence Accelerate time to signature, reduce bottlenecks and ensure business-wide consistency with automated contract generation. Learn more Negotiate Your browser does not support the video tag. Reduce Back-and-Forth During Negotiation Focus time and attention where needed, automating and augmenting negotiations with AI-powered review within Microsoft Word. Learn more Analyze Your browser does not support the video tag. Gain Insight Into All Contracts Across the Enterprise Manage obligations and rapidly respond to business queries with at-a-glance insight into the entire contractual landscape. Learn more Comply Your browser does not support the video tag. Streamline and Enhance Compliance Monitor and meet compliance requirements as soon as they are introduced, protecting your business from financial and reputational damage. Learn more Investigate Your browser does not support the video tag. Accelerate the Discovery Process Enhance and expedite a range of investigations, arbitrations and litigation matters to save time, economize resource and ensure nothing is missed. Learn more Collaborate Your browser does not support the video tag. Automate Workflows End-to-End Streamline collaboration between Legal and the wider business to increase autonomy, eliminate bottlenecks and drive business using intelligent AI agents. Learn more The ROI of AI 99% time-savings when responding to business queries <5 min time taken to review 80-page MSA 500+ hours saved on contract generation Watch the AMD case study Watch the Staples case study Watch the NTT case study Watch the Automation Anywhere case study Why Choose Luminance? Request our AI white paper Panel of Judges Mixture of Experts approach uses probabilistic consensus to ensure Legal-Grade™ accuracy Powerful Legal Precedent Used, trained and validated at the highest level by world-leading lawyers Best-in-Class Security World-leading Security Advisory Board, ISO 27001 & SOC2 certifications​ 24/7 Customer Support Dedicated account team and round-the-clock support Seamless Integrations Host of integrations to ensure the streamlined flow of documents around the business The Sunday Times | The female-led tech start-ups who have raised £190m between them TechCrunch | Legal AI Startup Luminance raises $75m The Financial Times | How AI is removing legal obstacles that slow down business The Times | Luminance boss: Lawyers can survive AI, but I’m not sure how many Bloomberg Law | Legal Tech Battles to Set Itself Apart From General AI Models Forbes | Forbes AI 50 Discover how Luminance’s AI helps 1,000+ customers achieve: 90% time-savings on contract review 98% reduction in contract management costs 500+ hours saved on contract generation “Luminance is far above the competition.” “With Luminance, we have everything we need in one place.” Request a Demo First Name *Last Name *Email Address *Role *Phone NumberBy submitting these details you agree to our privacy policy. We will also subscribe you to our marketing emails, but you can unsubscribe at any time.ChannelChannel Drilldown 1Channel Drilldown 2Channel Drilldown 3Landing PageSubmit "Luminance adds value, speeds up processes and eliminates risks." 50% time-savings on contract review Watch the Staples case study Copyright © 2025 Luminance Technologies Ltd. Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions Anti-Slavery Statement