Luminance Legal-Grade™ AI Launches in AWS Marketplace
Luminance, the pioneer in Legal-Grade™ AI for enterprise, today announced that its end-to-end platform is now available in AWS Marketplace. Acting as the legal brain of a business, Luminance uses its specialist AI agents to automate and augment every touchpoint a business has with its contracts. AWS Marketplace is a digital catalog that makes it easy to find, test, buy, and deploy software that runs on Amazon Web Services (AWS).
Luminance works across departments, spanning Legal, Compliance, Procurement, Sales, HR and more, on all their contract work. Its proprietary AI orchestration layer deploys specialist agents to streamline and automate operations, reduce risk, and boost productivity. Business teams can automatically generate compliant contracts, legal teams can review and re-draft in a single click and executives can gain unparalleled visibility into the business. Luminance’s Deep Insight capabilities go even further, using advanced reasoning across complex contractual interdependencies and third-party sources to get ahead of risk and compliance and take action on business opportunities.
AWS customers will now be able to simplify the purchase of Luminance’s end-to-end Legal-GradeTM AI directly within their AWS Marketplace account, enabling business teams to deploy Luminance’s industry-leading AI on their own contracts and benefit from the time-savings and business insights Luminance provides faster than ever.
“Luminance is a powerful platform for organizations of all sizes, and we are excited that more businesses than ever can benefit from our technology through our membership of the AWS Partner Network and availability in AWS Marketplace,”
said Eleanor Lightbody, CEO of Luminance.
“As businesses become increasingly competitive and face mounting pressures, Luminance’s cutting-edge solution helps enterprises around the world remain agile and scalable.”
Luminance is now generally available in AWS Marketplace. For more information on Luminance and Legal-Grade™ AI, please visit
https://www.luminance.com/
.
About Luminance
– Developed by AI experts from the University of Cambridge, Luminance’s Legal-Grade™ AI automates and augments every touchpoint a business has with its contracts. Its Mixture of Experts approach – known as the “Panel of Judges” – uses probabilistic consensus to ensure legal-grade accuracy during contract generation, negotiation and post-execution analysis. Trusted by over 700 customers in 70+ countries including a quarter of the world’s largest law firms and multinational organizations across industries, from AMD and National Grid to LG Chem and DHL, Luminance’s end-to-end platform brings specialist AI to wherever computer meets contract.