Product
Work will never be the same
AI as it should be.
Book a Demo
Chat-based AI fails to answer 84% of queries because...
The system doesn’t learn from its mistakes. It never improves as you use it
You want to compare 6 different businesses going back 10 years
You want to analyze 10,000 documents
You want insight about the data, not insight on what's in the data
You want to run 20 step processes not just single prompts
You want to analyze long documents that exceed context windows
The system doesn’t learn from its mistakes. It never improves as you use it
You want to compare 6 different businesses going back 10 years
You want to analyze 10,000 documents
You want insight about the data, not insight on what's in the data
You want to run 20 step processes not just single prompts
You want to analyze long documents that exceed context windows
It's time for AI that can do any task
Stop relying on AI models and interfaces that limit the world of possibilities. AI should work the way that you work.
Matrix - the AI interface for serious work
Any Task
Any Data
Total Transparency
Enterprise Security
Any Task
Execute your most complex multi-step workflows.
Any Data
Reason over any amount and modality of data – with an infinite effective context window.
Total Transparency
See the work – trace every action that AI takes.
Enterprise Security
Trusted by the largest and most regulated global institutions.
Matrix is a speed change. Exceed the limits.
Integrations.
Hebbia offers a wealth of integrations, giving you access to all the data you need.
Natively multi-modal.
Matrix cycles between all-text LLMs and vision models choosing the best for any task, including those with charts and graphs.
Forever improving.
Edit prompts in seconds - Matrix learns and adapts to your custom workflow.
Trustworthy by design.
Citations are available every step of the way. Validate, update and co-work with your agent.
Bridging today's AI with tomorrow's innovation.
Powered by a world class AI architecture that outperforms RAG at every task, Matrix is the only AI Platform you'll ever need.
$14T
AUM of firms using Hebbia
5000+
1:1 AI onboardings
4 years
deploying enterprise LLMs
1000+
use cases in production
The security of privacy
Your data is always yours. Rest easy working with one of the only AI companies that never trains on your data.
SOC2 I
SOC2 II
GDPR
Encrypted in transit and at rest
No training on user data
CCPA
(Coming soon)
Data encrypted at rest with AES 256 and in transit with TLS 1.3
Don’t be left behind.
The world’s leading financial, legal, and Fortune 100 firms are using Matrix to teach AI the way they work.
For Finance
What if you could analyze 200 earnings calls...in seconds?
Book a Demo
For Law
What if you could transform thousands of documents into actionable insights...in seconds?
Book a Demo
For Corporate
What if you could identify new sales opportunities...in seconds?
Book a Demo
“
We use Hebbia as our GenAI sandbox: a place to safely ideate, build, and ultimately deploy custom GenAI-powered agents. The Hebbia Matrix has been a game-changer for gleaning insights from large volumes of data.
”
Chief Knowledge & Innovation Officer
Fisher Phillips
Feel the difference. Book a demo.
Book a demo