About us
 -
                World of Labs
Cancel Preloader
×
Blogs
About us
Home
About us
WHO WE ARE
World of Labs Trading Establishment, supplies Analytical, Medical Equipment, Solutions & Kits, as well as installing, operating and recommend the correct equipment and provide training for its use. Together with our customers, we are driven to make healthcare better.
We supply instruments to clinical and medical laboratories (Hospital and Medical Centers), Pharmaceutical, Chemical, Food Beverage, Research Institutions and Universities.
Our main product lines are, Analytical instrument, Process and Environment, Pharmaceutical Testing, Disposable & Consumables, Microbiology & Microscopy.
World of Labs Trading Establishment is a privately owned and operated company  for many years with a combined of Medical Business Partners in different countries. We established a strong presence in Saudi Arabia. Today we distribute for over a hundred different reputable customers of varying types of Medical & Laboratory Supply. With years of experience with international shipping, documentation and equipment support is unprecedented. World of Labs located in Riyadh the capital City of Saudi Arabia.
OUR VISION
To be the provider of choice in Medical & Laboratory Equipment fields.
To offer outstanding customer satisfaction, and high-quality products and services.
We take pride in our customer service and are committed to helping you find solutions to your needs.
OUR VALUES
Teamwork
We provide opportunity and encouragement to help our people reach their potential. We work with our clients as a team. Mutual respect provides the foundation for our success.
Integrity & Accountability
We remain true to our founding values of quality, honesty, and hard work. We do what is right, we do what we say.
Here at World of Labs, we are committed to serving you…
OUR MISSION
At the heart of what we do, we are driven to make Healthcare better. To supply, develop innovative products and services that will improve the lives of patients.
At World of Labs Trading Establishment our mission is to strive to bring to our customers the highest quality products and services possible. World of Labs offers a full array of medical equipment supplies for the health-conscious consumer.

We provide the most practical, advance technology and comprehensive products to complement today's health care consumer's lifestyle.