LP Facebook
Skip to content
LP Facebook
2025-09-10T19:31:05+00:00
Have hearing loss?
Can’t hear your phone calls?
See on-screen captions of what your caller is saying in near-real time!
This is a NO COST service to qualified users
CALL NOW! (866) 932-5606
Get your phone today!
"
*
" indicates required fields
First name
*
Last name
*
Phone number
*
Area Code first. Do not add a 1.
Email address
*
Hidden
Meta UTM Fields
Phone
This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Δ
Or Call: 866-932-5606
Or Call: 866-631-2937
Am I
eligible
?
Have
hearing loss
Individuals must certify that they have hearing loss that requires captions to use the phone.
Live in the
U.S.
ClearCaptions is only available in the United States and its territories.
Read & speak
English
ClearCaptions service is currently only available in English.
Have
internet
Individuals must have home internet access.
Call 866-631-2937
Call 866-932-5606
Enjoy your
independence
Captioning for your
free home phone
There’s no charge and no contracts for people with hearing loss who qualify.
Training &
free setup
A ClearCaptions specialist will come to your home, install your new phone, then show you how easy it is to use.
Warranty &
free support
We are here to help with any of your needs with free customer support.
Call 866-631-2937
Call 866-932-5606
Captioned calls from
ClearCaptions
The revolutionary captioning phone from ClearCaptions displays near real-time phone captions on an easy-to-use touchscreen display.
Sign up now
Captioned calls from
ClearCaptions
The revolutionary captioning phone from ClearCaptions displays near real-time phone captions on an easy-to-use touchscreen display.
Sign up now
ClearCaptions is
free for customers
ClearCaptions is available to qualified, hard-of-hearing U.S. residents at no cost as part of the Title IV of the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA). These laws were created to make sure people with disabilities like hearing loss have equal opportunities and access to phone calls – it’s your right!
As part of the ADA, The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) requires telephone and internet companies to contribute to the Telecommunications Relay Services (TRS) fund. The TRS fund is managed by the FCC and helps pay service providers like ClearCaptions. That’s how we’re able to make captioned calls available at no cost to you.
Sign up today
See how ClearCaptions is
making an impact
Call 866-269-1352
Call 866-269-0372
ClearCaptions is available in the United States and its territories only. FEDERAL LAW PROHIBITS ANYONE BUT REGISTERED USERS WITH HEARING LOSS FROM USING INTERNET PROTOCOL (IP) CAPTIONED TELEPHONES WITH THE CAPTIONS TURNED ON. IP Captioned Telephone Service may use a live operator. The operator generates captions of what the other party to the call says. These captions are then sent to your phone. There is a cost for each minute of captions generated, paid from a federally administered fund. No costs are passed along to individuals who qualify for the service.
ClearCaptions is available in the United States and its territories only. FEDERAL LAW PROHIBITS ANYONE BUT REGISTERED USERS WITH HEARING LOSS FROM USING INTERNET PROTOCOL (IP) CAPTIONED TELEPHONES WITH THE CAPTIONS TURNED ON. IP Captioned Telephone Service may use a live operator. The operator generates captions of what the other party to the call says. These captions are then sent to your phone. There is a cost for each minute of captions generated, paid from a federally administered fund. No costs are passed along to individuals who qualify for the service.
©
ClearCaptions, LLC. All rights reserved.
Page load link
Please ensure Javascript is enabled for purposes of
website accessibility
Go to Top